lib_audio_dsp change log
========================

1.4.0
-----

  * ADDED: JSON configuration file support for pipelines.
  * ADDED: Check for Stage inputs having crossed same number of threads.
  * ADDED: Additional macros in autogenerated header for number of pipeline
    channels and frame size.
  * ADDED: Extra autogenerated print function for same thread tick printing.
  * FIXED: adsp_pipeline_source updated to use asynchronous FIFO to resolve
    blocking issues.
  * FIXED: Added missing attributes for math.h functions.

1.3.0
-----

  * ADDED: Block frequency and time domain FIR filters DSP code and examples.
  * ADDED: Slewing biquad Stage.
  * ADDED: Stereo switch Stage.
  * ADDED: Slewing switch Stage.
  * ADDED: Crossfader and stereo crossfader Stage.
  * ADDED: 16 band cascaded biquad Stage.
  * ADDED: Stereo sidechain compressor Stage.
  * ADDED: Graphic EQ Stage.
  * ADDED: Stateful ConfigSender to only send updated configs.
  * ADDED: Contributing guide.
  * CHANGED: Use Python v3.12.
  * CHANGED: Updated setup instructions.
  * CHANGED: Improved documentation.
  * CHANGED: Biquad Stage resets state when coefficients change.
  * CHANGED: Biquad left shift calculated from float coefficients.
  * CHANGED: Python floating point to fixed point signal conversions use AES
    standard (1.0f = INT32_MAX).
  * CHANGED: Python dsp_block base class defines process_channels APIs.
  * REMOVED: Biquad dsp_blocks for specific biquad types.

1.2.0
-----

  * ADDED: Stereo room and plate reverb Stages.
  * FIXED: Delay could return different type to input.
  * CHANGED: Removed host app.
  * ADDED: Tuning API added to Python library.
  * CHANGED: Documentation restructured to improve readability.
  * CHANGED: Added reverb base classes in Python.

1.1.0
-----

  * CHANGED: Moved control related DSP from api/dsp to api/control.
  * CHANGED: Increased reverb wet signal level by 10 dB.
  * CHANGED: Added pre-delay to reverb.
  * FIXED: Removed configuration parameters from reverb that did not support
    being changed.
  * ADDED: Biquad design APIs for common filters.
  * ADDED: Helper functions for converting control parameters to fixed point
    formats.
  * ADDED: Improved documentation on control parameters.
  * ADDED: Wet-dry mix helper for reverb.
  * ADDED: Use Python properties for controllable parameters.
  * ADDED: Separate Python base classes for peak and RMS DRC components.

1.0.0
-----

  * ADDED: User guides for the Python library and DSP library in this repository

0.3.0
-----

  * CHANGED: Pipeline design API breaking change to simplify pipeline
    definitions.
  * CHANGED: Control API breaking change to support multiple control threads.
  * CHANGED: XCommon CMake version changed to v1.0.0.
  * CHANGED: Host app moved into this repository.
  * CHANGED: Improved memory allocation and macros.
  * CHANGED: Noise suppressor stage renamed to noise suppressor expander.
  * CHANGED: Reverb stage renamed to reverb room.
  * CHANGED: Faster envelope detector implementation.
  * CHANGED: DSP components saturate instead of overflowing.
  * ADDED: Full control of reverb component parameters
  * ADDED: FIR filter DSP components and stages.
  * ADDED: Hard peak limiter and clipper DSP components and stages.
  * ADDED: Delay line DSP component and stage.
  * ADDED: C and Python documentation.

  * Changes to dependencies:

    - lib_locks: Added dependency 2.2.0

    - lib_logging: Added dependency 3.2.0

    - lib_xcore_math: Added dependency 2.2.0

0.2.0
-----

  * ADDED: Pipeline checksum.
  * ADDED: Pipeline simulator.
  * ADDED: Basic performance visualization.
  * ADDED: Support for user-defined stage labels.
  * ADDED: Envelope detector stages.
  * ADDED: RMS compressor DSP components and stages.
  * ADDED: Noise gate and noise suppressor DSP components and stages.
  * ADDED: Signal chain DSP components and stages.

0.1.0
-----

  * Initial release.

  * Changes to dependencies:

    - lib_locks: Added dependency 2.1.0

    - lib_logging: Added dependency 3.1.1

    - lib_xcore_math: Added dependency 2.2.0

